Update commandLine.md (#887) (#922)
smart-data-lake/smart-data-lake: docs/reference/commandLine.md

  -p, --partition-values <partitionColName>=<partitionValue>[,<partitionValue>,...]
                           Partition values to process for one single partition column.
  -m, --multi-partition-values <partitionColName1>=<partitionValue>,<partitionColName2>=<partitionValue>[;(<partitionColName1>=<partitionValue>,<partitionColName2>=<partitionValue>;...]
                           Partition values to process for multiple partition columns.
  -s, --streaming          Enable streaming mode for continuous processing.
  --parallelism <int>      Max number of parallel executed SDLB actions.
  --state-path <path>      Hadoop path to save run state files. Must be set to enable recovery in case of failures.
  --test <config|dry-run>  Run in test mode: config -> validate configuration, dry-run -> execute prepare- and init-phase only to check environment and spark lineage
  --help                   Display the help text.
  --version                Display version information.
```

The **DefaultSmartDataLakeBuilder** class should be fine in most situations. 

> If a Spark Session needs to be created, it will use the default for Spark master, e.g. `local[*]`.

Author: ```suggestion
It tries to use an existing Spark session of the environment, e.g. Databricks Cluster. It will not create a new Spark session. See SparkSmartDataLakeBuilder below to create a new Spark session.
```

There are two additional, adapted application versions you can use:

> - **SparkSmartDataLakeBuilder**:

Author: ```suggestion
- **SparkSmartDataLakeBuilder** is used to create a new Spark session.
```

Allows to explicitly override master and deploy-mode settings of Spark using the command-line.

> This entrypoint should be used when there is no existing Spark-Settings on the environment where SDLB is running, and you want to customize the Spark default settings for `master=local[*]` and `deploy-mode=client`.

Author: ```suggestion
It should be used when there is no existing Spark session from the environment where SDLB is running, and you want to create a new Spark session, e. g. when working locally on your laptop or in an isolated container.

SparkSmartDataLakeBuilder has the following additional arguments:
- `--master <spark-master-url>`: configuration of the Spark sessions master Url, default is `local[*]`
- `--deploy-mode <client|cluster>`: configuration of the Spark sessions deploy-mode. The default used by Spark is `client`.

See [Submitting Spark Applications](https://spark.apache.org/docs/3.5.3/submitting-applications.html) for details.
```

- **GlueSmartDataLakeBuilder**:
For running SDLB on AWS Glue.

> Background: Glue passes many additional job parameters (command line arguments) down to the application. GlueSmartDataLakeBuilder removes the Glue specific ones, in order to allow proper validation by SDLB afterwards..

Author: ```suggestion
Background: Glue passes many additional job parameters (command line arguments) down to the application. GlueSmartDataLakeBuilder removes the Glue specific ones, in order to allow proper command line validation by SDLB afterwards..
```
